Improve docs for support hadoop compatible file system when use HDFS … (#24918)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/fault-tolerant-execution.md

  - Block [data size](prop-type-data-size) for HDFS storage.
  - `4MB`
  - HDFS
* - `exchange.hdfs.skip-directory-scheme-validation`

>   - Skip directory scheme validation to support hadoop compatible file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Skip directory scheme validation to support Hadoop-compatible file system.
```

arguably "partially Hadoop-compatible" right?

exchange.base-directories=hadoop-master:9000/exchange-spooling-directory
hdfs.config.resources=/usr/lib/hadoop/etc/hadoop/core-site.xml
```

> You can enable `exchange.hdfs.skip-directory-scheme-validation` to support hadoop compatible file system. Please do the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can enable `exchange.hdfs.skip-directory-scheme-validation` to support other Hadoop- compatible file systems:

```

> 1. Configure AbstractFileSystem implementation in `core-site.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the `AbstractFileSystem` implementation in `core-site.xml`.
```

> 2. Put the relevant client jars into the directory `${Trino_HOME}/plugin/exchange-hdfs` on all Trino servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the relevant client JAR files into the directory `${Trino_HOME}/plugin/exchange-hdfs` on all Trino cluster nodes.
```

The following `exchange-manager.properties` configuration example specifies Alluxio

> as the spooling storage destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the spooling storage location.
```

```properties
exchange-manager.name=hdfs

> exchange.base-directories=alluxio://alluxio-master:19998/exchange-spooling-directory

Reviewer: Why is that not done via the Alluxio file system support instead of HDFS? We have to probably explain that

Reviewer: Fair enough .. we should call that out in the written docs

Author: I've made the suggested changes. Please let me know if there's anything else.
